Lara as/counter tutorial (#584)
dfinity/docs: modules/developers-guide/examples/candid-ui.adoc

[[candid-ui]]
== Test functions in a browser

> The canister interface description language—often referred to as Candid or more generally as the IDL—provides a common language for specifying the signature of a canister smart contract.

Reviewer: This is the only place where we could be using the term "service", since it maps to the Candid keyword "service" that I don't think we will change. That said, unless there is a specific link to the Candid terminology, your suggested change here is probably better.

Author: we do say "to share a common description for a service" 2 sentences later. so maybe it is then better to change it?
Not that I also did leave "service" in other places, but it was said on slack now that "it is ok to say a canister offers a service". Is that OK then?

....
+
. Copy the Candid UI canister identifier so that it is available in the clipboard.

> . If you've stopped the local {IC} blockchain, restart it locally by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you've stopped the local canister execution environment, restart it locally by running the following command:
```
